Ashe;Bless you!
Nobel;No bell, that's why I knocked!
Leaf;Leaf me alone!
lettuce;Lettuce in and you'll find out!
Aaron;Why Aaron you opening the door?
Tank;You're welcome!
Hawaii;I'm fine, Hawaii you?
Orange;Orange you even going to open the door!
Gray Z;Gray Z mixed up kid.
Who;Is there an owl in there?
Anita;Anita to borrow a pencil.
Woo;Don't get so excited, it's just a joke.
Figs;Figs the doorbell, it's broken!
Alice;Alice fair in love and war.
Annie;Annie thing you can do, I can do better.
Yukon;Yukon say that again!
Boo;Well you don't have to cry about it.
Theodore;Theodore is stuck and it won't open!
Cher;Cher would be nice if you opened the door!
Amos;A mosquito bit me!
Police;Police let us in, it's cold out here!
Amarillo;Amarillo nice guy.
Nobel;Nobel…that’s why I knocked!
Tank;You’re welcome.
Luke;Luke through the peep hole and find out.
Figs;Figs the doorbell, it’s not working!
Annie;Annie thing you can do, I can do too!
Cow says;No, a cow says mooooo!
Hal;Hal will you know if you don’t open the door?
Alice;Alice fair in love and war.
Says;Says me!
Honey bee;Honey bee a dear and get that for me please!
A little old lady;Hey, you can yodel!
Euripides;Euripides clothes, you pay for them!
Snow;Snow use. The joke is over.
Hawaii;I’m good. Hawaii you?
Woo;Glad you’re excited, too!
Orange;Orange you going to let me in?
Who;I didn’t know you were an owl!
Anita;Let me in! Anita borrow something.
Water;Water you doing telling jokes right now? Don’t you have things to do?
Leaf;Leaf me alone!
Annie;Annie way you can let me in?
Nana;Nana your business!
Needle;Needle little help right now!
Canoe;Canoe come out now?
Iran;Iran here. I’m tired!
Amos;A mosquito. Look, right there!
Some;Maybe some day you’ll recognize me!
Dozen;Dozen anyone want to let me in?
Dwayne;Dwayne the sink. I need to use it!
Thermos;Thermos be a better way to get to you.
Razor;Razor hands, this is a stick up!
Alec;Alectricity. BUZZ!
Europe;No I’m not!
Olive;Olive you.
Amarillo;Amarillo nice person.
Candice;Candice snack be eaten?
Police;Police let me in, it’s chilly out!
Ice cream;Ice cream if you don’t give me some candy!
Etch;Bless you!
Boo;Don’t cry, it’s just a joke.
Cher;Cher would be nice if you opened the door!
Theodore;Theodore is stuck. Open up!
Stopwatch;Stopwatch you’re doing and let me in!
Spell;W. H. O.
Robin;Robin you. Give me your money!
Icy;Icy you looking at me!
Voodoo;Voodoo you think you are?
Cash;Nah, I’m more into almonds.
Mustache;I mustache you a question.
Mary;Mary Christmas!
Alex;Alex-plain later!
Iva;I’ve a sore hand from knocking!
Ketchup;Ketchup with me and I’ll tell you!
Canoe;Canoe help me get inside?
Needle;Needle little money please.
Watson;Watson TV right now?
Anee;Anee one you like!
Dozen;Dozen anybody want to let me in?
Dishes;Dish is a nice place!
A herd;A herd you were home, so here I am!
Avenue;Avenue knocked on this door before?
Althea;Althea later alligator!
Arfur;Arfur got!
Otto;Otto know. I forgot.
Norma Lee;Norma Lee I don’t knock on random doors, but I had to meet you!
Imma;Imma getting older waiting for you to open up!
Yukon;Yukon say that again!
Viper;Viper nose, it’s running!
CD;CD person on your doorstep?
Claire;Claire a path, I’m coming through!
Roach;Roach you a text. Did you get it?
Harry;Harry up, it’s cold outside!
Ivor;Ivor you let me in or I’ll climb through the window.
Abbot;Abbot you don’t know who this is!
Adore;Adore is between us, so open it!
Noah;Noah good place we can go hang out?
Kirtch;God bless you!
Justin;Justin time for dinner.
Impatient cow;Mooooo!
Sadie;Sadie magic word and I’ll come in!
Iona;Iona new toy!
Two knee;Two-knee fish!
Abby;Abby birthday to you!
Cows go;Cows don’t go who, they go moo!
Ben;Ben knocking for 10 minutes!
Isabel;Isabel working?
Aida;Aida sandwich for lunch today.
Scold;Scold enough out here to go ice skating!
I am;Wait, you don’t know who you are?
Amanda;A man da fix your door!
Al;Al give you a hug if you open this door!
Amish;You’re not a shoe!
Alfie;Alfie terrible if you don’t let me in!
Alien;Um, how many aliens do you know?
Andrew;Andrew a picture!
Armageddon;Armageddon a little bored. Let’s go out
To;Actually, it’s to whom.
Lettuce;Lettuce in, it’s cold out here!
Cash;No thanks, I prefer peanuts
Owls;Yes, they do
kanga;Actually, it's kangaroo.
An extraterrestrial;Wait, how many extrateresstrial do you know?
Hatch;God bless you.
Doris;Doris locked, that's why I had to knock.
Nobel;No bell, so I'll knock.
Bless;I didn't sneeze!
Broccoli;Broccoli doesn't have a last name, silly.
Olive;Olive right next door to you.
Figs;Figs the doorbell, it's broken!
Ketchup;Ketchup with me and I'll tell you!
Barbie;Barbie Q Chicken!
Howard;Howard I know?
Ken;Ken I come in, it's freezing out here?
Lena;Lena little closer and I’ll tell you!
Luke;Look through the keyhole to see!
Alpaca;Alpaca the trunk, you pack the suitcase!
Goat;Goat to the door and find out.
Doctor;You’ve seen that TV show?
Dozen;Dozen anyone want to let me in?
From;Actually, grammatically speaking you should say 'from whom.'
Water;Water you doing in my house?
Who;That’s what an owl says!
Witches;Witches the way home?
Annie;Anything you can do, I can do better.
Hatch;Bless you, my friend.
Robin;Robin you, now hand over the cash.
Tank;You're welcome.
Ya;Yahoo! I’m just as psyched to see you!
Stopwatch;Stopwatch you’re doing and pay attention!
Stupid;Stupid you, that’s who.
Amos;A mosquito.
Adore;Adore is between us. Open up! 
Abby;A bee just stung me!
Caesar;Caesar quick, she’s running away.
Claire;Claire the way, I’m coming through!
Harry;Harry up and open this door!
Hockey;Hockey doesn't work, so I had to knock!
Kenya;Kenya guess who is it?
Kermit;Commit a crime and you'll get locked up!
Major;Made your day with this joke, haven’t I? 
Mary;Marry me?
Tennis;Ten is five plus five!
Comb;Comb on down and I'll tell you!
Deja;knock knock
Cow says;No, a cow says moo
Spell;WHO
Doughnut;Do not ask, it's a secret!
Nun;Our business is our business. None of your business!
Dozen;Dozen anybody want to let me in?
Avenue;Avenue knocked on this door before?
Ice Cream;Ice Cream if you don't let me in!
Adore;Adore is between us. Open up!
Lettuce;Lettuce in. It's cold out here!
Bed;Bed you can not guess who I am.
Al;Al give you a kiss if you open the door.
Olive;Olive you!
Abby;Abby birthday to you!
Rufus;Rufus the most important part of your house.
Cheese;Cheese a cute girl
