Claudia: Protagonist
	Claudia Octavia
	39/40 - 62 AD

Valeria: Protagonists's mother
	Valeria Messalina
	17/20 - 48 AD

Frontinus: Akvedukto operator
	Sextus Julius Frontinus
	40 - 103 AD

Augustus: Optional, "hidden"(?) boss
	Caesar Augustus
	27 BC - 14 AD

	Before you fight him, you have to wait for 2 minutes, doing nothing. (Some
	dialogue about "But first, take a moment to really consider what you're
	doing. Is this worth it? Do you really stand to gain from fighting me?"
		You can skip this using Tiberius's time machine

	The fight should be the most difficult in the game, acting as "side
	content". This also puts more value on the Tiberius interaction
		There should also be a boss rush area, which Augustus takes part in

	Maybe have a hint like "I wish I had a [time machine] right now... this
	waiting feels like a waste of time." half-way through

	Maybe increase the time required by 1 second each death

Tiberius: Time machine provider
	Tiberius Claudius Caesar Britannicus
	41 - 55 AD

	Claudia finds some kind of building where swords (Claudia uses a sword in
	combat) are forbidden. This is enforced by some other (possibly unnamed)
	guard character which you have to speak to (to give your sword) when
	entering. Inside the building you find Tiberius, who arrogantly declares
	himself "perfectly logical". He owns a primitive time machine, which he says
	he will give you if you manage to beat him in an argument. His positions are
	that
	1. It's impossible to truly know anything
	2. No moral statement is objectively true or false

	When arguing on either topic, you go in a circle, with the same ~5 responses
	in a loop. Come up with them later in an event txt file

	Dialogue prompts should stop you from moving, so the only way to exit the
	interaction is by selecting a "Leave" dialogue option. This should give a
	hint (maybe in a different text colour) that there might be some other way
	of convincing him to give you the time machine

	The solution is to threaten his livelihood. Without a weapon, you can't do
	much, and you can't attack him with your sword because the guard has it.
	Instead, you have to use a knife that you find somewhere else (maybe from an
	interaction with Claudia Antonia). The knife doesn't count as a sword (which
	should come up as a hint too, when you acquire it - "I wonder if this
	[counts as a sword] (different colour?)..." or something) which lets you
	bring it into the building and threaten Tiberius.

	If you do so, Tiberius gives you the time machine and then mocks you in any
	future interactions for relying on the knife instead of "arguments". With
	the time machine, you can skip the two-minute delay at the start of the
	Augustus fight, which makes it much easier to get practice in and thus
	defeat him

	Also, Tiberius's speech style should be quite different:
	- lowercase letters
	- no punctuation (including apostrophes - "dont")
	- short forms like "u" instead of "you"
	- other mistakes like "ppl like u come here everyday"
	Maybe Claudia should comment on it once "You mean 'every day'? Are you
	completely illiterate or something? I can barely understand any word you
	say..." - Tiberius would reply mockingly that she's attacking him instead of
	his arguments
